doc(release): prepare release notes for collect 24.04.2 (#3372)
centreon/centreon-documentation: i18n/fr/docusaurus-plugin-content-docs/version-24.04/releases/centreon-os.mdx

## Centreon Collect

### 24.04.2

Release date: `June 17, 2024`

<details open>
  <summary>Enhancements</summary>

- [Engine] Added a new centengine parameter (`send_recovery_notifications_anyways`) to force sending a recovery notification even when the resource is outside of its notification period. This aims at keeping third-party tools up-to-date at any time when they are fed notifications.
- [Engine] The whitelist works with all the commands executed by Engine.
- [Engine] Engine can now handle extra configuration files to complement/overload the centengine.cfg file. This enhancement allows you to keep a custom configuration unchanged when exporting the configuration.

</details>

<details>
  <summary>Bug fixes</summary>

- [Broker] Fixed an issue where incomplete BAM queries resulted in unnecessary error messages.

> - [Broker] Fixed an issue where grpc layers crashed if channel was deleted by a grpc thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed an issue where grpc layers crashed if a channel was deleted by a grpc thread.
```

> - [Broker] Fixed a stability issue that could occur when a LVM snapshot is launched to backup the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Broker] Fixed a stability issue that could occur when an LVM snapshot was launched to backup the database.
```
